YAML meta data updates (#1953)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Content-Apps/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
meta.Title: "Content Apps"

> meta.Description: "A gudie to Umbraco Content Apps in backoffice"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta.Description: "A guide to Umbraco Content Apps in the backoffice"
```
